Adding Working Groups directory (#155)
moja-global/About_moja_global: working-groups/user-interface/Agenda.md

# Agenda

### Framework for the user-interface (UI) working group meetings (30 - 45 min)

> - Welcoming new contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Welcome new contributors.
```

> - Quick Update for the past week work + Shoutout to the contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quick update about the past week of work and a shout-out to the contributors.
```

> - Current Work in progress tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Current work-in-progress tasks.
```

> - Upcoming Plans for the next week

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upcoming plans for the next week.
```

> - Questions/Blockers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Questions/Blocking issues.
```

## Agenda for UI working group

> **Note-** The agenda speaks about will happen during each meeting, and what will a participant need to do between each meeting i.e the ‘homework’. Week 1 to Week 5 aims to develop a working group(s) notice board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The agenda covers what will happen during each meeting, and what participants need to do between each meeting, i.e. the ‘homework’. Week 1 to Week 5 aims to develop a working group(s) notice board.
```

> ***Note-** The agenda speaks about will happen during each meeting, and what will a participant need to do between each meeting i.e the ‘homework’. Week 1 to Week 5 aims to develop a working group(s) notice board.*

Reviewer 2: Bad markdown formatting here

### Week 1 - 19th Feb

*Week 1 marks the beginning of the UI working group. During this week we would like to introduce the working group and discuss/study the projects we hope to develop over the next few weeks.*

**Meeting:**

> - Introduction to the UI working group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduction to the UI working group.
```

> - Talk about deliverables i.e the TSC working group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Talk about deliverables, e.g. the TSC working group.
```

- Talk about the expected timeline.

> **Homework:**

Reviewer 2: Is this the right term here?

Author: We're referring to this document-- https://larahogan.me/blog/running-working-groups/#plan-your-agenda-arc

> Take inspiration from other communities working groups. Put your findings under a Github issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take inspiration from other communities working groups. Put your findings in a GitHub issue.
```

### Week 2 - 26th Feb

> *Week 2, aims at beginning the implementation of the project i.e working group notice board. There are two parts here the content and the UI implementation of the design.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Week 2, aims to begin the implementation of the project, i.e. the working group notice board. There are two parts: the content, and the UI implementation of the design.*
```

**Meeting**

- *Content / Documentation:*

>   - Based on everyone’s findings, brainstorm on what written content that can go into the working group board. (Section wise.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Based on everyone’s findings, brainstorm on what written content can go into the working group board, per section.
```

>   - Divide the content writing tasks into individual jobs and encourage members to take up responsibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Divide the content writing tasks into individual jobs and encourage members to take ownership.
```

- *UI:*
  - Talk about noticeboard design and discuss how we can begin implementation.

>   - Divide UI tasks on a priority basis. And encourage people to take up the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Divide UI tasks on a priority basis, and encourage people to take up the tasks.
```

**Homework**

- Begin writing content for the TSC working group board.

> - Put the noticeboard design under an issue for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Put the noticeboard design in a GitHub issue for reference.
```

> - Begin implementation of UI w.r.t to the design and priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Begin implementation of UI, with respect to the design and priority.
```

### Week 3 - 5th March

> *Week 3 has been designed to review the implementation completed so far. Talking about the blockers and next steps. At the end of week 3, our goal is to start finalizing the content and UI implementation.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Week 3 has been designed to review the implementation completed so far. Talking about the blocking issues and next steps. At the end of week 3, our goal is to start finalizing the content and UI implementation.*
```

**Meeting:**

- Content/Documentation:
  - Talk about the content written so far.
  - Discuss content that can be added and deducted.
- UI:
  - Evaluate the implementation progress and go over the required tasks before usability testing and public launch.

>   - Discuss blockers and next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Discuss blocking issues and next steps.
```

  - Re-divide and re-prioritize the tasks if required and encourage people to take up the tasks.

**Homework:**

- Start finalizing the content part by asking for reviews from members of the documentation working group.
- Start finalizing the implementation of the UI.

### Week 4 - 12th March

> *In week 4, we want to finish the job and start usability testing so we can start getting the job done.*

Author: Yes! I'll restructure it.

**Meeting:**

> - Content/Documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Content/documentation:
```
